what's going on man we gonna get
arrested tonight is that the plan or so
a while back a story went viral about a
guy sneaking in back stairs into a
concert by simply editing the band's
Wikipedia page to make himself a
stepbrother above the band members
picking duck were so impressed that they
ended up having a bunch of beers with
him and he was an absolute legend the
band even posted this to their Twitter
now as self-proclaimed experts of
sneaking into things this sounded way
too good to be true
so in order to see if this was actually
possible we decided to give it a try and
as you'll see it did not really work out
like we had hoped so we read about this
guy online so what we want to do is edit
the Wikipedia page to add me as a family
member of Madeon
and sneak in and hang out backstage is
the tour manager cool right I thought
this was gonna be easy but it sounds
like it's way harder make me famous
there okay I'm his cousin
but what like in my just his cousin no
you also made a song with him oh so on
June 2016 he teased an unreleased song
now named raw which was produced with
his cousin Thomas right yes I guess that
there has been increasing his Wikipedia
credits by editing a bunch of random
pages so that now he actually has the
editing power and he's abusing it he's
abusing his power right now anyone can
believe nothing on Wikipedia except your
dreams on a Swedish accent cuz he's
Dutch is it I don't really know what
so that I'm better at the French accent
you know I could be his French cousin I
do uh sir Darrin so there we had the
brink of a major breakthrough in science
the science of scam damn it you serious
it's nothing you gone it is gone you
sure yeah hello I'm the Matt oh my god I
noticed that you made a change to an
article son hole oh but you didn't
provide a reliable source it's been
removed it was 12 minutes ago that was
almost instantaneous what do we do we
edited two minutes before and then now
they know there and finally turn time to
edit the Wikipedia page two minutes
before going in will this work I want to
be co-producer of a song and his cousin
yes what didn't work yes okay I'll brag
we're produced with this cousin Karl
Bragg okay I don't know this is a
suicide mission or the greatest idea of
all time how you doing sir I'm looking
for the backstage entrance is that right
here or is that somewhere else it is
here
contact with somebody I'm Sandra's
cousin
you know escort you in or get you a pass
okay yeah and you don't have a list he's
told me you would put me on the list
okay okay
okay they take this very seriously okay
it's more calls over here watch me
oh you do then you're gonna call Colonel
Brian come on Sanders list senators is
my cousin I haven't seen him in a while
so I'm just stoked to see him play live
I've produced a couple songs of them too
[Music]
the only proof I'm on his Wikipedia page
like as like his family members
I'll try to call him I'll let you know
yes thanks okay it's apparently a guy in
the line you him I'm just so scared that
these people in the line know that I'm
bullshitting more than the guy working
here yeah then he told me he put me on
if it's of any comfort like this is his
page and like yeah my name is like right
there Carlin Bragg and if you see it on
in Associated Act okay
they're about to email their tour
manager who apparently is extremely mean
and well most likely for sure not let me
in' might have to call it quits tonight
and come back another night and just
give it a shot again I'm feeling
defeated [ __ ] faker has a concert right
here at a very well-known theater and
completely sold out we're gonna try to
sneak in as his brother so we're doing
cousin whatever I'm related to Chet
faker I'm getting in bring anybody poo
with us so it's gonna work these you can
dream it you can make it achieve it
achieve about on I think we should say
were
we know his name well you say we are
flume so producer this cousin Thomas
bragging right there yeah oh my god yeah
we're like stand by you
yep dander and then there's security guy
right there
yeah we're try in the front yeah cool
well good luck tonight men yeah Chet
faker says no telling where his cousin
insurance we could be faked
but no Bo and Chet faker were right
there there smoking a cigarette the
artist is the worst person to talk to
because before his show he needs to get
in the zone like gurus but no but was
just looking at us like should have been
Nick himself I'm his cousin with media
can I go inside but he must have known
him okay so we're flipping this on
Darren it's a bit of a last minute
attempt we're gonna try the final coup
of Lily's you're saying I'm with media
and walking in
[Music]
right but I need everybody checks so
this is a third and hopefully final the
tempura go see Cold War Kids we did buy
tickets just to be respectful to the
band we didn't bring them just to make
sure that we still sneak our way in I
think I associated active would be good
that means like I'm a featured artist on
there like albums hopefully third is the
charm oh boy
God through Nathan he's my eggs my
cousin yeah yeah
I don't see them
I don't think of a way I could show you
[Music]
yeah yeah yeah literally give it in
three tries it's just so hard I thought
it was gonna be easy
alright so this is clearly months after
this first attempt the first three
attempts we failed
I know I consider myself the king of
sneaking in but this time it just wasn't
working
I'm pissed off I'm gonna try it again
because I'm stubborn and it's gonna work
until then we have our friend we'll
bataki who actually lived at our houses
last year for a week who's in town and
he's invited us to go backstage she
actually tried to sneak into this
theatre specifically and now we're gonna
get to be there so I guess this is
another strategy of getting backstage we
hosted him last year or a week this year
he's kind enough to just invite us to
hang out backstage oh yes we've been
trying to sneak in using wicked
we fail you
experience the all-access experience I
can show you that we can be debates I'm
like related to oh you already updated
robotoids page you know I'm pretty
stubborn though I want to succeed at
actually doing it I think you can do it
there is a solution to how you can do it
cuz I've done it before
[Music]
I have just gotten the permission to
crowd surf from the stage into the crowd
I've never done this I've always wanted
to do this I don't I should go backwards
[Music]
Oh
the next Bobo Tiger shows it's gonna be
twice as big as this particular floating
[Music]